Document Consul enterprise 1.10.0-1.10.4 forwards incompatibility with 1.11 (#11978)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-specific.mdx

## Consul 1.11.0

### 1.10 Compatibility <EnterpriseAlert inline />
Consul Enterprise versions 1.10.0 through 1.10.4 contain a latent bug that

> causes those agents to deregister the Serf health check of the node when they 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
causes Consul client agents to deregister the Serf health check of the node when they 
```
Is this suggestion correct, Matt?

Author: Now that you mention it I _think_ it should just be client agents but am going to verify that with a test.

Author: @karl-cardenas-coding Does this sound better to you?

> Consul Enterprise versions 1.10.0 through 1.10.4 contain a latent bug that
> causes those client or server agents to deregister their own services or health
> checks when some of the servers have been upgraded to 1.11. Prior
> to upgrading Consul Enterprise servers to 1.11, all Consul agents should first 
> be upgraded to 1.10.6 or higher to ensure forwards compatibility and to prevent
> flapping of catalog registrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consul Enterprise versions 1.10.0 through 1.10.4 contain a latent bug that
causes those client or server agents to deregister their own services or health
checks when some of the servers have been upgraded to 1.11. Before upgrading Consul Enterprise servers to 1.11, all Consul agents should first 
be upgraded to 1.10.6 or higher to ensure forward compatibility and prevent
flapping of catalog registrations.
```

Looks great, just minor language optimization.
